You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. - Marcus Aurelius
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. - Marcus Aurelius
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. - Marcus Aurelius
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them. - Marcus Aurelius
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. - Marcus Aurelius
If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment. - Marcus Aurelius
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury. - Marcus Aurelius
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. - Marcus Aurelius
The soul becomes dyed with the colour of its thoughts. - Marcus Aurelius
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. - Marcus Aurelius
Our life is what our thoughts make it. - Marcus Aurelius
Do every act of your life as though it were the very last act of your life. - Marcus Aurelius
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. - Marcus Aurelius
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way. - Marcus Aurelius
Look well into thyself; there is a source of strength which will always spring up if thou wilt always look. - Marcus Aurelius
When you wake up in the morning, tell yourself: the people I deal with today will be meddling, ungrateful, arrogant, dishonest, jealous and surly. - Marcus Aurelius
Think of yourself as dead. You have lived your life. Now take what's left and live it properly. - Marcus Aurelius
You could leave life right now. Let that determine what you do and say and think. - Marcus Aurelius
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself. - Marcus Aurelius
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane. - Marcus Aurelius
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. - Marcus Aurelius
If it is not right, do not do it, if it is not true, do not say it. - Marcus Aurelius
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are. - Marcus Aurelius
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it. - Marcus Aurelius
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present. - Marcus Aurelius
Confine yourself to the present. - Marcus Aurelius
Be content with what you are, and wish not change; nor dread your last day, nor long for it. - Marcus Aurelius
To live a good life: We have the potential for it. If we can learn to be indifferent to what makes no difference. - Marcus Aurelius
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it. - Marcus Aurelius
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight. - Marcus Aurelius
He who fears death will never do anything worth of a man who is alive. - Seneca
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. - Seneca
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. - Seneca
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body. - Seneca
True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future. - Seneca
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor. - Seneca
No man was ever wise by chance. - Seneca
Wealth is the slave of a wise man. The master of a fool. - Seneca
The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately. - Seneca
Life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future. - Seneca
It's not because things are difficult that we dare not venture. It's because we dare not venture that they are difficult. - Seneca
He suffers more than necessary, who suffers before it is necessary. - Seneca
Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control. - Epictetus
Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it. - Epictetus
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. - Epictetus
No man is free who is not master of himself. - Epictetus
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants. - Epictetus
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. - Epictetus
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. - Epictetus
Any person capable of angering you becomes your master. - Epictetus
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid. - Epictetus
Man is not worried by real problems so much as by his imagined anxieties about real problems. - Epictetus
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will. - Epictetus
The unexamined life is not worth living. - Socrates
To know thyself is the beginning of wisdom. - Socrates
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think. - Socrates
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom. - Socrates
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. - Socrates
He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have. - Socrates
By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher. - Socrates
Beware the barrenness of a busy life. - Socrates
Strong minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, weak minds discuss people. - Socrates
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. - Aristotle
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. - Aristotle
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom. - Aristotle
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. - Aristotle
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet. - Aristotle
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet. - Aristotle
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - Aristotle
The whole is greater than the sum of its parts. - Aristotle
Hope is a waking dream. - Aristotle
There is no great genius without some touch of madness. - Aristotle
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something. - Plato
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. - Plato
The measure of a man is what he does with power. - Plato
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors. - Plato
The first and greatest victory is to conquer yourself. - Plato
Opinion is the medium between knowledge and ignorance. - Plato
Ignorance, the root and stem of all evil. - Plato
The beginning is the most important part of the work. - Plato
He who commits injustice is ever made more wretched than he who suffers it. - Plato
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers. - Plato
Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination. - Immanuel Kant
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life. - Immanuel Kant
We are not rich by what we possess but by what we can do without. - Immanuel Kant
In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of others. In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so. - Immanuel Kant
He who is cruel to animals becomes hard also in his dealings with men. - Immanuel Kant
That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence. - Christopher Hitchens
What we do now echoes in eternity. - Marcus Aurelius (Movie adaptation)
I think therefore I am. - René Descartes
The life of man is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short. - Thomas Hobbes
One cannot step twice in the same river. - Heraclitus
No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man. - Heraclitus
Man is the measure of all things. - Protagoras
The only thing I know is that I know nothing. - Socrates
Happiness depends upon ourselves. - Aristotle
What is the meaning of life? To be happy and useful. - Dalai Lama
The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Buddha
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. - Buddha
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. - Buddha
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. - Buddha
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. - Buddha
In the end, only three things matter: how much you loved, how gently you lived, and how gracefully you let go of things not meant for you. - Buddha
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. - Oscar Wilde
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. - Oscar Wilde
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes. - Oscar Wilde
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. - Confucius
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
When we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves. - Confucius
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance. - Confucius
Life must be understood backward, but it must be lived forward. - Søren Kierkegaard
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays. - Søren Kierkegaard
Once you label me you negate me. - Søren Kierkegaard
God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. - Friedrich Nietzsche
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. - Friedrich Nietzsche
That which does not kill us makes us stronger. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Without music, life would be a mistake. - Friedrich Nietzsche
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music. - Friedrich Nietzsche
To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering. - Friedrich Nietzsche
In every real man a child is hidden that wants to play. - Friedrich Nietzsche
The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. - Friedrich Nietzsche
There are no facts, only interpretations. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Become who you are. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Hell is other people. - Jean-Paul Sartre
Man is condemned to be free. - Jean-Paul Sartre
We are our choices. - Jean-Paul Sartre
Life has no meaning the moment you lose the illusion of being eternal. - Jean-Paul Sartre
Everything has been figured out, except how to live. - Jean-Paul Sartre
I rebel; therefore I exist. - Albert Camus
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. - Albert Camus
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer. - Albert Camus
Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee? - Albert Camus
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. - Albert Camus
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend. - Albert Camus
The meaning of life is whatever you ascribe it to be. Being alive is the meaning. - Joseph Campbell
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls. - Joseph Campbell
We cannot change anything until we accept it. - Carl Jung
Thinking is difficult, that's why most people judge. - Carl Jung
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. - Carl Jung
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop. - Rumi
The wound is the place where the Light enters you. - Rumi
Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder. - Rumi
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray. - Rumi
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek. - Joseph Campbell
Amor fati. Love your fate. - Friedrich Nietzsche
